Add Peergos in Cloud Storage section (#2429)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/cloud.md

## Peergos

<div class="admonition recommendation" markdown>

![Peergos logo](assets/img/cloud/peergos.svg){ align=right }

**Peergos** is a decentralized protocol and open-source platform for storage, social media, and applications. It provides a secure and private space where users can store, share, and view their photos, videos, documents, etc. Peergos secures your files with quantum-resistant end-to-end encryption and ensures all data about your files remains private. It is built on top of [IPFS (InterPlanetary File System)](https://ipfs.tech)

[:octicons-home-16: Homepage](https://peergos.org){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
[:octicons-eye-16:](https://peergos.net/privacy.html){ .card-link title="Privacy Policy" }
[:octicons-info-16:](https://book.peergos.net){ .card-link title=Documentation}
[:octicons-code-16:](https://github.com/Peergos/Peergos){ .card-link title="Source Code" }

<details class="downloads" markdown>
<summary>Downloads</summary>

- [:octicons-globe-16: Web](https://peergos.net)
- [:simple-windows11: Windows](https://github.com/Peergos/web-ui/releases)
- [:simple-apple: macOS](https://github.com/Peergos/web-ui/releases)

> - [:simple-linux: Linux](https://github.com/Peergos/web-ui/releases)

Reviewer: Kind of curious whether we think a single `:material-language-java: Java` download link makes more sense for Java applications like this, since they are inherently cross-platform, and they require a separate runtime environment, so it's almost its own platform itself. Thoughts?

- Pro: Readers can immediately tell that something will require a separate Java install and won't just run natively.
- Con: Not sure if everyone will read "Java" and understand it will probably work regardless of OS. Is that common knowledge among average computer-using adults? Feels like it might be because of e.g. games like Minecraft, but idk.

Reviewer 2: We have previously had static native builds for each platform there as well, and we hope to return to that in either the next release or the one after. I think requiring most people to install java is too much.

</details>

</div>

> <div class="admonition info" markdown>
> <p class="admonition-title">Info</p>
> 
> The Peergos desktop app is a ``.jar`` file, which means the [Java Runtime Environment](https://java.com/en/download/manual.jsp) should be installed on your machine to get it working.
> 
> </div>
> 
> <div class="admonition warning" markdown>
> <p class="admonition-title">Warning</p>
> 
> Real-time document collaboration is currently not available on Peergos. If you need that functionnality, you can check other services that are recommended in this page.
> 
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Peergos is primarily a web app, but you can self-host the server either as a local cache for your remote Peergos account, or as a standalone storage server negating the need to register for a remote account and subscription. The Peergos server is a `.jar` file, which means the Java 17+ Runtime Environment ([OpenJDK download](https://www.azul.com/downloads/)) should be installed on your machine to get it working.

Running a local version of Peergos alongside a registered account on their paid, hosted service allows you to access your Peergos storage without any reliance on DNS or TLS certificate authorities, and keep a copy of your data backed up to their cloud. The user experience should be the same whether you run their desktop server or just use their hosted web interface.
```

- Peergos requires Java >= 17, so the JRE 8 download probably wouldn't work here, and I'd rather not use Oracle's Java anyways.
- I want to include info on why you might run this
- Removing note about document collaboration since none of the services on this page support it

Not merging this suggestion immediately because I want to ask: @ianopolous have you tested this with any particular OpenJDK distro, and/or do you have a preference? I tend to use Zulu (which is why I'm linking to it) which _seems_ to work fine, and I'm not sure if it makes a difference at all. If it doesn't matter we can stick with this.

Reviewer 2: We normally use openjdk (e.g via https://adoptium.net/), but it is fine with any JVM. 

We are close to having static native builds working for windows/mac/linux which would remove the need for a JVM. But we can revisit that once they are working.

> Peergos has made an [audit](https://cure53.de/pentest-report_peergos.pdf) in September 2019 and the results were pretty good. All found issues were fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Peergos was [audited](https://cure53.de/pentest-report_peergos.pdf) by Cure53 in September 2019, and all found issues were subsequently fixed.
```
